# The SocketOptions class
You can pass a SocketOptions instance to the SocketManager’s constructor. You can change the following options:

- **AdditionalQueryParams**: Additional query parameters that will be passed for accessed uris. If the value is null, or an empty string it will be not appended to the query only the key. *The keys and values must be escaped properly, as the plugin will not escape these.*
- **Reconnection**: Whether to reconnect automatically after a disconnect. Its default value is true.
- **ReconnectionAttempts**: Number of attempts before giving up. Its default value is Int.MaxValue.
- **ReconnectionDelay**: How long to initially wait before attempting a new reconnection. Affected by +/- RandomizationFactor. For example the default initial delay will be between 500ms to 1500ms. Its default value is 1000ms.
- **ReconnectionDelayMax**: Maximum amount of time to wait between reconnections. Each attempt increases the reconnection delay along with a randomization as above. Its default value is 5000ms.
- **RandomizationFactor**: It can be used to control the ReconnectionDelay range. Its default value is 0.5 and can be set between the 0..1 values inclusive.
- **Timeout**: Connection timeout before a "connect_error" and "connect_timeout" events are emitted. It’s not the underlying tcp socket’s connection timeout, it’s for the socket.io protocol. Its default value is is 20000ms.
- **AutoConnect**: By setting this false, you have to call SocketManager's Open() whenever you decide it's appropriate.
- **ConnectWith**: The SocketManager will try to connect with the transport set to this property. It can be TransportTypes.Polling or TransportTypes.WebSocket.
- **HTTPRequestCustomizationCallback**: A callback that called for every `HTTPRequest` the socket.io protocol sends out. It can be used to further customize (add additional headers for example) requests. This callback is called for Websocket upgrade requests too on non-WebGL platforms.
- **ServerVersion**: Socket.IO protocol version of the server. If left as default (Unknown) the plugin tries to detect the server version when can connect with the LongPollingTransport, however when connecting straigth with the WebsocketTransport it might not be able to detect and going to fall back to V2, so it's best to set it to the known server version before connecting.
- **Auth**: Starting with Socket.IO v3, connecting to a namespace a client can send payload data. When the Auth callback function is set, the plugin going to call it when connecting to a namespace. Its return value must be a json string!

When you create a new SocketOptions object its properties are set to theirs default values.
